# Time spend on application



### Week 1: (11.11.-18.11.)



Date: 11.11.2025



Time: 3 hours



What was done: Wrote the requirements for the application, and explored tkinder and other related subjects for this application.



Date: 12.11.2025



Time: 3 hours



What was done: I tried to understand the basics of the app logic and added some temporary changes to my own files. Tried adding a database and understand in general how to connect the database to my own project. Generally getting an understanding of what is asked to be done and experimenting to learn.



Date: 14.11.2025



Time: 1,5 hours



What was done: I studied the course material about TkInter, and experimented with different buttons etc. and in general how it works and what can be done.



Date: 15.11.2025



Time: 6 hours



What was done: I created the UI views for login and register. Also made sure you can smoothly go from login page to create an account and edited the ui.py file. Also studied the TkInter instructions till the end, since this is new to me. Tried creating database, but failed a few times. Still have a few more things to add to UI views (like error messages), but for now I think they were good. Did some planning in what the main page will have (ideally), and also did a mockup for it. Studied the backend too, like how does the repository side works and how should my app function in general.



Date: 17.11.2025



Time: 30 minutes



What was done: Finally got the database working with some help of AI. Marked what was generated by AI in the work.



Date: 18.11.2025



Time: 6 hours



What was done:

* Connected the UI and the backend to work together and fixed some major bugs.
* Finished a unittest for the user\_repository.py
* Cleared up many files from comments and old code that was used in the meantime when my database didn't work.
* Checked the code in general
* Planned for the future the workings of the budgeting side of the app
* Asked help to fix a bug from Jasse (the helper for another course, OhTu), since my files didn't recognize modules.





FIRST WEEKS TOTAL HOURS: 17 hours



### Week 2: (19.11.-25.11.)





Date: 19.11.2025



Time: 2 hours



What was done:

* Started doing the back end for spendings, but realized how poorly my UI-layer was made, so started rebuilding UI now using the reference app and not only the tkinter guide.



Date: 20.11.2025



Time: 8 hours



What was done:

* Got the UI-layer to work.
* Added a spendings view so that the user can see how much they spend.
* Also added the ability for user to add their spendings.
* Made test for the spendings\_repository and ran it.
* Downloaded pylint and started the task for it.
* Figured out how to make the logged in user relevant when writing down their spendings. Did a lot of research for that part.





Date: 25.11.2025



Time: 4 hours



What was done:

* Checking code and the programme.
* Fixing README.md file.
* Created User-Guide.
* Learning about Pylint.
* Fixing Pylint issues.



2ND WEEK TOTAL HOURS: 14



# Week 3: (26.11.-2.12.)



Date: 26.11.2025



Time: 4h



What was done:

* Added the incomes to logged in view. Now a user can add a new income.
* Started adding the delete button.
* Did some changes ahead to documentations.
* Fixed prior issues that was commented on.





Date: 27.11.2025



Time: 5h



What was done:

* Finnished adding the delete button. Had to debug other files and for example add id to classes and other plases for it to work.
* In that process messed up whole UI by accident so had to debug it, and had major issues with the listings. Overcame issue by adding extra frames, so that listings and the total aren't in the same frame.





Date: 28.11.2025





Time: 4h





What was done:

* Checking the criteria and adding needed information.
* Sekvenssikaavio was done.
* Tests 40% for both.







TIME TOGETHER THIS WEEK: 13 hours



